Clarify Kubernetes Support Lifecycle (#2013)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/integrations/kubernetes-support.md

| Palette eXtended Kubernetes (PXK) | N-3                | 14 months   | Additional support may be extended. Discuss this with our support team if you need additional support. |
| Palette eXtended Kubernetes - Edge (PXK-E) | N-3                | 14 months        | Additional support may be extended. Discuss this with our support team if you need additional support. |
| Other       | N-3                | EOL       | Other distributions available in Palette such as K3s, Microk8s, and RKE2, we only support until their official EOL. The EOL is set by the respective owner. |

:::info

Kubernetes follows the [semantic version schema](https://semver.org/). Versions are annotated as x.y.z, where x is the major version, y is the minor version, and z is the patch version.
:::

We support N-3 Kubernetes minor versions until the official End-Of-Life (EOL). Once we stop supporting the minor version, we initiate the deprecation process. You can learn more about our deprecation process in the [Pack Deprecation](./maintenance-policy.md#pack-deprecations) section. 

## Palette eXtended Kubernetes Support

> We support CNCF Kubernetes, [Palette eXtended Kubernetes (PXK)](./kubernetes.md) and [PXK-E](./kubernetes-edge.md) for N-3 Kubernetes minor versions for a duration of 14 months. The duration exceeds the official EOL by four months. Once we stop supporting the minor version, we initiate the deprecation process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support CNCF Kubernetes, [Palette eXtended Kubernetes (PXK)](./kubernetes.md) and [Palette eXtended Kubernetes Edge (PXK-E)](./kubernetes-edge.md) for N-3 Kubernetes minor versions for a duration of 14 months. The duration exceeds the official EOL by four months. Once we stop supporting the minor version, we initiate the deprecation process. 
```

The diagram below illustrates the support lifecycle of a Kubernetes version. A deprecated Kubernetes version will no longer receive updates.

![Diagram of the Kubernetes Support Lifecycle. PXK and CNCF is supported for 14 months. After that, normal deprecation flow is initiated.](/integrations_kubernetes-support_support-cycle.png)
 

> Additional support may be extended for PXK and PXK-E. Discuss this with our support team if you need extended support. You can contact our support team at [support@spectrocloud.com](mailto:support@spectrocloud.com).

Reviewer 2: Hm, this could also be an admonition, depending on how much attention we want to call.

> This is at spectrocloud support discretion and is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is at Spectro Cloud support discretion and is not guaranteed.
```

Author: OMG - this was a test sentence. Thank you so much for flagging it.
